 
CR/HR/2023/757 
 
May 9, 2023 
 
Mr. Shubham Jagdish Trivedi 
  Shaniwar Peth, Manorath Complex,  
  Karad, Satara,  
  Satara – 415110. 
 
  Phone: 9284484618 
 
  Dear Shubham, 
We are very pleased to extend an offer of employment to you for the position of Associate Consultant – Band A1. 
Your date of joining will be between June to September ’2023. 
 
A detailed copy of your appointment letter will be issued to you on your joining. Your employment with us will be 
subject to receiving the following: 
• 
Copy of educational certificates (10th, 12th / Diploma, Degree). 
• 
Address & Photo identity proof. 
• 
06 Passport size photographs with white background. 
 
MindCraft observes a 6-day week with Sunday as a weekly holiday. Business hours are from 9.30 hrs to 18.30 hrs 
subject to a lunch break of half an hour. 
You are expected to follow the client’s working hours and holidays while on deputation to client’s site. 
 
You will be required to sign an Employment Bond on the standard format, upon joining the service of the Company. 
If you so desire, you can take an inspection of the standard format which is available in the office. 
 
You will be on probation for a period of six months, which can be extended on the sole discretion of the Management. 
While on probation, you will have a notice period of 15 days. On completion of the probation period, or extended 
period, unless confirmed in the services in writing, you will be deemed to be continuing on probation. 
On confirmation, you will have a notice period of three-months while on project and one-month while on bench. 
 
Enclosed is the compensation sheet giving details of your offer. The future increases will be performance based. 
The company is not liable to review your compensation either at the end of probation period or thereafter until the 
company’s annual compensation review. 
 
The company is not liable to adhere to any commitment, verbal or otherwise which is not explicitly stated in this 
offer letter. 
Please acknowledge the duplicate copy of this letter as a token of acceptance of our offer. 
Thanking You, 
Yours faithfully, 
For MindCraft Software Pvt. Ltd 
 
 
Swetha Suvarna 
Senior Manager, Human Resources
 
Compensation Package  
 
Name: Shubham Jagdish Trivedi 
 
Designation: Associate Consultant 
Band: A1 
 
A p p e n d i x ' A ' 
Please find below your total earnings break-up per month. 
 
Cost to Company (CTC): 
25,000 
A Fixed Salary: 
Amount in Rs. PM 
 
Basic 
8,750 
 
HRA 
4,375 
 
Conveyance 
1,600 
 
Total of A 
14,725 
 
 
 
B Flexible Benefit Plan: 
8,607 
 
Special Allowance 
 
 
Meal Coupons (Sodexo) 
 
 
LTA 
 
 
 
 
C Retirals: 
 
 
Gratuity 
423 
 
Employer Contribution to Provident Fund 
1,050 
 
Total of C 
1,473 
 
 
 
D Other Benefits: 
 
 
Medical Insurance Premium (approx) 
188 
 
Accident Insurance Premium (approx) 
7 
 
Total of D 
195 
 
 
 
TDS as applicable will be deducted every month based on the investment declaration 
given to Accounts. Other Statutory Deductions will be deducted as applicable. 
Employee can split the FBP as per tax plans based on the eligibility guided by the Policy and procedures laid down. 
 
The HR facilitator will help you fix up the Flexible Benefit Plan. Please ensure that you declare the FBP selection 
within 10 days of your joining. 
 
For Provident Fund, you will also have to contribute an equal amount same as employers contribution from your 
salary. 
